[IMP] Referrals: Rewards Formatting Updates (#15992)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/referrals/rewards.rst

Rewards are the only configurations needed when setting up the **Referrals** application.

.. important::
   Only users with :doc:`Administrator rights <../../general/users/access_rights>` for the
   **Recruitment** application can create or modify rewards.

To add rewards, navigate to :menuselection:`Referrals app --> Configuration --> Rewards`. Click
:guilabel:`New`, and a reward form loads. Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Product Name`: Enter the name as it should appear for the reward. This field is
  required.
- :guilabel:`Cost`: Enter the amount of points required to redeem the reward.

> - :guilabel:`Company`: Using the drop-down menu, select the company the reward is configured for. If

Author: I like it!

  a reward is available for multiple companies, each company **must** configure a reward for their

>   specific company. This field **only** appears if in a multi-company environment; if this field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  specific company. This field **only** appears in multi-company environments; if this field
```

Rewards are the only configurations needed when setting up the **Referrals** application.

.. important::
   Only users with :doc:`Administrator rights <../../general/users/access_rights>` for the
   **Recruitment** application can create or modify rewards.

To add rewards, navigate to :menuselection:`Referrals app --> Configuration --> Rewards`. Click
:guilabel:`New`, and a reward form loads. Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Product Name`: Enter the name as it should appear for the reward. This field is
  required.
- :guilabel:`Cost`: Enter the amount of points required to redeem the reward.
- :guilabel:`Company`: Select the company the reward is configured for using the drop-down menu. If
  a reward is available for multiple companies, each company **must** configure a reward for their
  specific company. This field **only** appears in multi-company databases; if this field appears,
  it is required.

  .. example::
     A database set up for three different companies offers a gift card as a reward. In the database,
     there are three separate rewards listed for a gift card, one for each of the three companies.

> - :guilabel:`Gift Responsible`: Using the drop-down menu, select the person responsible for

Reviewer: Maybe change this to match line 27 for consistency?
